Ranking criteria/BN rules updates (#2078)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/en.md

### Guidelines

- **Letterboxing and countdown options should be consistent between difficulties of a beatmapset.**

> - **Avoid directly re-using your own ranked beatmaps in other ranked beatmaps.** This is to avoid unnecessary bloating of Ranked content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Directly re-using your own ranked beatmaps to rank other beatmaps is discouraged.** This is to avoid unnecessary bloating of Ranked content.
```
"avoid" redundancy waffles

Author: adjusted (and made "ranked" --> "Ranked" everywhere for consistency)
